RΛDIOACTIVE Rules

The RΛDIOACTIVE Chatroom is intended to be a fun, welcoming, and friendly environment for all members to chat in. As such, we have a list of rules we expect all members to follow with no exceptions.

Our main goal is for the RΛDIOACTIVE Chatroom to be a positive and respectful space where sarcasm, inappropriate content, bad member behaviour, and other negative things are kept to a minimum. We think the RΛDIOACTIVE Chatroom offers some of the most fun and relaxing chatting experience available on WeChat, and we support the vast majority of members who respect others, behave friendly and helpfully. By following a few simple rules, we can all help make RΛDIOACTIVE Chatroom a great place to chat and relax with friends.



Rules & Policies


By choosing to join the RΛDIOACTIVE Chatroom, you agree to follow rules listed within this text. If you find a member in this chatroom who is breaking one of these rules, please report them to the current admin.


1) Spamming is disallowed

What do we mean by spamming?

Spamming is the action of flooding the chat with unwanted content.

This includes:
 - Annoying others with random or repeating content while they are chatting.
 - Sending long texts that flush the previous content.
 - Keep sending content that makes someone unhappy or angry.


2) Sensitive content is avoided

What do we mean by sensitive content?

Sensitive content is the type of content that puts other members in danger or makes them unhappy or angry.
Some of the types of sensitive content is allowed only if you're directly sending the content to someone who accepts it and everyone is taking this rationally.

This includes:
 - Sexual or violent content.
 - Sensitive personal information about others.
 - Aggressive political content.


3) The admin is chosen from elections held every week

What does the admin do?

The admin not only monitors the chatroom, but also takes responsibility for the chatroom. This doesn't mean you can do bad things and just push the blame to the admin, but the admin can punish the member if the blame is on him/her.

Why are we doing this?

The right and price of this chatroom are equally distributed to all the members. The price may be heavy for someone to take it solo, and the administration should be given to the person who's agreed to be the most suitable for the admin from elections.


4) Contract the admin if you think there's anything wrong with or missing in the rules

Rules should always be changing, because old rules may turn out to be bad, and new rules may be needed as the time goes.


5) If you break any rules, the admin shall punish you

The punishment is decided by how badly the member behaved.

Punishments may include:
 - Being banned from the chatroom for some time.
 - Not being able to be the admin or being able to take part in the election.

And the punishment can be shortened or disabled right away if the member truly feel bad of what he/she did and behaved well during the punishment.
